This is a true story that when I was 24 I would tell all the time.  At any given time, I'll have a few stories circling around.  This one stuck around a little bit longer, past some maybe more exciting ones, like when I met the Lyft driver who was the star of "The Coed and the Zombie Stoner", or that time a masseuse in Bangkok kept asking me "Sandy, why not?".  Here it goes:

---
I probably told you how my stereo was stolen a couple weeks ago?  So I was in LA recently, visiting Zach.  I had given him a stereo that I had bought for the car I used in high school, right before it broke down, totaled.  The car that works, the one without the stereo, I got a year after the first one died, when I moved east to Oakland and buildings were farther apart.  The one I gave him was sitting on a shelf, connected to nothing, so I asked him if I could take it back, put it in my car.  He looked at it a little wistfully, but said sure.  I got it out from under the CDs and took it home.

So it turns out that stereos aren't like power plugs, where there's one way of sticking them in per country.  When I got home, the stereo needed some wire-munging and maybe an extra plastic adapter to start playing music.  I put it under the shotgun seat, from the back, and propped a plastic oil container I had lying back there against it to conceal it from view.  A week or so later, I thought better of it and fished it out from back there to stick it in the trunk.  I don't really understand why the trunk is safe.  I've had my car stolen once, broken into probably more than five times.  The lever is right by the gas tank lever.  No lock.  They've stolen my change from the little thing, rummaged through the glove compartment, but never touched that lever.  The trunk has had expensive clothes.  Now a stereo.

Well, I thought I had put it back there, but sometimes you get a feeling, or you just don't remember.  There's always that dawning dread when you're coming up on something, but think it's not going to be there.  So I went fishing for it again under the seat, behind the oil, to move it to the trunk. I found it and was pretty relieved.  I put it in the trunk.

There was already a stereo in the trunk.  It was the one I lent to Zach.  Now there were two stereos in the trunk.  The one I'd just pulled from under the seat wasn't the old one that got stolen either.
---

People would always look at me at this point, expectantly, like I was just taking a brief pause.  Maybe my dramatic timing was bad.  Maybe the story's dramatic timing was bad all by itself.  Then my audience and I would spend a few minutes speculating.  But that's it.  I've been back to check since then.  My trunk still has two stereos.  I still haven't gotten around to installing either of them.

I had this running joke at the time with a friend about how I was slowly descending into insanity.  It started with some other mysteries, when my car was stolen and then dropped off in front of a driveway a half a block a way.  One missing item or small unexplainable circumstance at a time.  He gave me a hug and said this meant I was far in.

Here's the thing.  I later figured out where the second stereo must have come from.  It hit me while I was walking one time to move my car.  I won't bore you with the explanation, but it was entirely ordinary.  Nothing supernatual or even very coincidental about it.  I kept telling the story though.


